README.md, before:

# A Deeper Dive into Relational Algebra by Way of Adjunctions
In their distinguished paper "Relational Algebra by Way of Adjunctions" it was noted that the monadic structure of bulk types can help explain most of relational algebra. It was found that some operations, such as selections and projections, are more easily reasoned about; this paper completes the rigorous mathematical description of others such as relational join or grouping. The paper takes the novel stance of having a more broad view of adjunctions when dealing with the bulk types in order to make this extension. A theoretically more efficient implementation of joins is an immediate consequence of this approach and the first goal of the project is to benchmark the differences.
The project can also be taken into the direction of using this reasoning to mathematically explain other known database query optimisations and potentially invent others.

Jeremy Gibbons, Fritz Henglein, Ralf Hinze, and Nicolas Wu. 2018. Relational algebra by way of adjunctions. Proc. ACM Program. Lang. 2, ICFP, Article 86 (September 2018), 28 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3236781

Commit message:

Update README with new title and abstract
Signed-off-by: Matteo Bongiovanni <40599507+MatBon01@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# JOINBENCH: Designing Tools for the Evaluation of Efficient Equijoins in Haskell
In order to evaluate alternative equijoin implementation in Haskell, this paper introduced the JOINBENCH relation and surrounding methodology and tooling. The JOINBENCH relation is a scheme designed for the synthesis of data optimised to help evaluate the performance of equijoins in a variety of scenarios. Furthermore, this paper presents a low-level library that helps users customise and define their own synthetic data sources for future benchmarking purposes.

In their distinguished paper "Relational Algebra by way of Adjunctions" it was noted that the monadic structure of bulk types can help explain most of relational algebra. Using this structure, the authors designed a new method to facilitate the use of monad comprehensions in an efficient implementation of equijoins of relational databases. This project presents an implementation of such a system and an evaluation of the performance such query optimisations carry using the bespoke tooling described above.
